Rewrite Workers Memory Limits docs (#19049)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/workers/platform/limits.mdx

## Memory

Each [isolate](/workers/reference/how-workers-works/#isolates) your Worker's code runs in can consume up to 128 MB of memory. This includes both memory used by the JavaScript heap, and memory explicitly allocated in [WebAssembly](/workers/runtime-apis/webassembly/). Note that this limit is per-isolate, not per-invocation of your Worker. A single isolate can handle many concurrent requests.

> When an isolate running your Worker exceeds 128 MB of memory, the Workers runtime handles this gracefully instead of failing immediately. It allows in-flight requests to complete while simultaneously creating a new isolate for your Worker. While this approach typically preserves request handling, during periods of extremely high load, some incoming requests may be cancelled to maintain system stability.

Reviewer: a couple optional nits:

"while simultaneously creating a new isolate for your Worker for new requests" (add "for new requests"?)

"While this approach typically preserves request handling" -> Feels a little jargony? Maybe something like "typically allows requests to complete"?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When an isolate running your Worker exceeds 128 MB of memory, the Workers runtime handles this gracefully instead of failing immediately. It allows in-flight requests to complete while simultaneously creating a new isolate for your Worker for new requests. While this approach typically allows in-flight requests to complete, during periods of extremely high load, some incoming requests may be cancelled to maintain system stability.
```

> If at any point in time an isolate running your Worker uses more than 128 MB of memory, rather than immediately failing with an error, the Workers runtime will attempt to allow in-flight requests to that isolate to complete, and will create a new isolate for your Worker. In this process, the Workers runtime still may cancel one or more incoming requests, but ensures that if your Worker exceeds memory limits, it is automatically restarted as gracefully as possible.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When an isolate running your Worker exceeds 128 MB of memory, the Workers runtime handles this gracefully instead of failing immediately. It allows in-flight requests to complete while simultaneously creating a new isolate for your Worker. While this approach typically preserves request handling, during periods of extremely high load, some incoming requests may be cancelled to maintain system stability.
```
